Readme modify (#122)
galaxyproject/ansible-galaxy: README.md

    galaxy_server_dir: /srv/galaxy
  connection: local
  roles:
     - galaxyproject.galaxy
```  
  

> If your Ansible version >= 2.10.4, then you must indicate explicitly ansible_user in your hosts file, otherwise you will gen an error  
>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Ansible version >= 2.10.4, then when you run `ansible-playbook playbook.yml` you should supply an extra argument `-u $USER`, otherwise you will get an error.
  
```
